---
id: 1901
title: '甲骨文第三季度净利润21亿美元 同比增78%[转]'
date: 2011-03-25T12:00:00+00:00
author: 刘长炯
layout: post
guid: http://www.beansoft.biz/?p=1901
permalink: '/2011/03/25/%e7%94%b2%e9%aa%a8%e6%96%87%e7%ac%ac%e4%b8%89%e5%ad%a3%e5%ba%a6%e5%87%80%e5%88%a9%e6%b6%a621%e4%ba%bf%e7%be%8e%e5%85%83-%e5%90%8c%e6%af%94%e5%a2%9e78%e8%bd%ac/'
views:
  - "17623"
original_post_id:
  - "1901"
categories:
  - 资讯频道
---
Oracle官方网站发布新闻: [http://www.oracle.com/us/corporate/press/349264?rssid=rss\_ocom\_pr](http://www.oracle.com/us/corporate/press/349264?rssid=rss_ocom_pr)

### ORACLE REPORTS Q3 GAAP EPS UP 75% TO 41 CENTS; NON-GAAP EPS UP 40% TO 54 CENTS

#### Software New License Sales Up 29%, Quarterly Dividend Increased 20%

REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., March 24, 2011 &#8211; Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced fiscal 2011 Q3 GAAP total revenues were up 37% to $8.8 billion, while non-GAAP total revenues were up 36% to $8.8 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP new software license revenues were up 29% to $2.2 billion. GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 13% to $3.7 billion, while non-GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 13% to $3.8 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP hardware systems products revenues were $1.0 billion. GAAP operating income was up 62% to $3.0 billion, and GAAP operating margin was 34%. Non-GAAP operating income was up 35% to $3.9 billion, and non-GAAP operating margin was 44%. GAAP net income was up 78% to $2.1 billion, while non-GAAP net income was up 42% to $2.8 billion. GAAP earnings per share were $0.41, up 75% compared to last year while non-GAAP earnings per share were up 40% to $0.54. GAAP operating cash flow on a trailing twelve-month basis was $9.9 billion.

“Strong revenue growth coupled with disciplined business management enabled an increase in non-GAAP operating margin to 44% and earnings per share to $0.54,” said Oracle President, Safra Catz. “Our hardware product <a name="P7_1405"></a>gross margins increased to 55% in the quarter so we are now completely confident that we will exceed the $1.5 billion profit goal we set for the overall Sun business for the current fiscal year.”

“Q3 performance was broad based with all geographies reporting revenue growth of 30% or higher,” said Oracle President, Mark Hurd. “<a name="P10_1741"></a>The sequential revenue growth for Exadata and Exalogic was up over 50%. And we expect to see an even higher growth rate for these two game changing technologies in Q4.”

“In Q3 we signed several large hardware and software deals with some of the biggest names in cloud computing,” said Oracle CEO, Larry Ellison. “For example, Salesforce.com’s new multi-year contract enables them to continue building virtually all of their cloud services on top of the Oracle database and Oracle middleware. Oracle is the technology that powers the cloud.”

In addition, Oracle also announced that its Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.06 per share of outstanding common stock, reflecting a 20% increase over the previous quarter’s dividend of $0.05. This increased dividend will be paid to stockholders of record as of the close of business on April 13, 2011, with a payment date of May 4, 2011.

##### Q3 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast

Oracle will hold a conference call and webcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. Pacific. You may listen to the call by dialing (877) 612-6725 or (912) 312-0950, Passcode: 7536150. To access the live webcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor.

##### About Oracle

Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL) is the world’s most complete, open, and integrated business software and hardware systems company. For more information about Oracle, please visit http://www.oracle.com or contact Investor Relations at investor_us@oracle.com or (650) 506-4073.

\# # #

##### Trademarks

Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.

"Safe Harbor" Statement: Statements in this press release relating to Oracle&#8217;s or its Board of Directors’ future plans, expectations, beliefs, intentions and prospects, including statements regarding exceeding our profit goals for the Sun business and the higher growth rates for Exadata and Exalogic in Q4, are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions, including the recent recession and global economic crisis and the current situation in Japan caused by the recent earthquake and resulting tsunami, can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, which in turn could adversely affect our stock price. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) Our entrance into the hardware systems business may not be successful, and we may fail to achieve our financial forecasts with respect to this new business. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions, including our acquisition of Sun Microsystems, may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our operating results, including risks relating to foreign currency gains and losses, risks relating to compliance with international and U.S. laws that apply to our international operations and risks to the sales of our products and services and supply chain operations caused by the recent earthquake and tsunami in Japan. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions and could require us to reduce prices or cause us to lose customers. (7) If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, or to enhance and improve our products and support services in a timely manner or to position and/or price our products and services to meet market demand, customers may not buy new software licenses or hardware systems products or purchase or renew support contracts. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation&#8217;s Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle’s Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. All information set forth in this press release is current as of March 24, 2011. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.

##### Contact Info

Ken Bond   
Oracle Investor Relations   
+1.650.607.0349[<u>   
ken.bond@oracle.com</u>](mailto:ken.bond@oracle.com)

Deborah Hellinger   
Oracle Corporate Communications   
+1.212.508.7935   
Deborah.hellinger@oracle.com

转载请注明：[WebLogic Android 博客](http://www.beansoft.biz) &raquo; [甲骨文第三季度净利润21亿美元 同比增78%[转]](http://www.beansoft.biz/2011/03/25/%e7%94%b2%e9%aa%a8%e6%96%87%e7%ac%ac%e4%b8%89%e5%ad%a3%e5%ba%a6%e5%87%80%e5%88%a9%e6%b6%a621%e4%ba%bf%e7%be%8e%e5%85%83-%e5%90%8c%e6%af%94%e5%a2%9e78%e8%bd%ac/)